UPGRADE.md fixes (#877)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-v7.0.0.md

            - { resource: services/commands.yml }
    +       - { resource: services/data_fixtures.yml }
    ```
    - change namespaces of data fixtures from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\DataFixtures` to `Shopsys\ShopBundle\DataFixtures` (in tests and *.yml configurations)

>         - check correctness of registered DataFixture services based on the state of [this config file](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/v7.0.0/project-base/src/Shopsys/ShopBundle/Resources/config/services.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - check correctness of registered DataFixture services based on the state of [services.yml](https://github.com/shopsys/project-base/blob/v7.0.0/src/Shopsys/ShopBundle/Resources/config/services.yml) of [shopsys/project-base] repository
```

>     - change the value of data fixtures resource folder in `paths.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - change the value of data fixtures resource folder in `app/config/paths.yml`
```
